Source: https://www.facebook.com/MattWalshBlog/posts/1040241006009009
Wow. Amazing. Amazing, thank you. So exciting. Do you notice what's missing tonight? Teleprompters! [APPLAUSE] No teleprompters. We don't want teleprompters. That would be so much easier: we read a speech for 45 minutes, everybody falls asleep listening to the same old stuff, the same old lies. So much easier. So, you know, I have a little debate coming up on Wednesday. [APPLAUSE] I hear my... let's call them opponents. Can I call them opponents? We're allowed to do that, right? You know, New York was very nice to you people last night, you know that, right? [LAUGHTER] Did they hand you that game? [APPLAUSE] They handed it! I said, I am going to have the friendliest audience -- sit down -- I am going to have the friendliest audience. So I wasn't sure, was I happy or was I sad? But Jerry Jones is a great guy, and he deserves everything he gets, frankly. [APPLAUSE] And you know, another great guy is Mark Cuban. [APPLAUSE] And I think, you know, he's been talking about maybe doing this himself. And I think he'd do a great job. We don't have the exact same feelings about where we're going, but that's OK. But Mark was great. You know, he called me, like, literally a few days ago, and he said, "you know if you want to use the arena" -- which by the way is a beautiful arena [APPLAUSE] this a great arena -- and Dirk is a fantastic player [APPLAUSE] he's just a wonderful player -- and the Mavericks have been fantastic and it's just a great team -- but he said, "you know if you want to use the arena." And I said, "Mark, when?" He said "how 'bout Monday night?" It's like, that was like in four days. And you had a big holiday in between. And he said, "they really like you in Dallas, they really like you in Texas, maybe you can get a lot of people." [APPLAUSE] Because we were coming here, and we thought maybe we'd get a thousand people, but we never get a thousand anymore, it's always, like, the same thing. You know, we went to Alabama. We started off with a 500 person ballroom. And after about 2 minutes -- look at all these guys -- paparazzi, look at this [LAUGHTER] we've got everybody here. We started off, by the way, with a 500 person ballroom, and after about 2 minutes the hotel called up begging for mercy. "We can't do it!" They were inundated, so we went to convention center, and that was 10,000 and that was wiped out in about an hour. So we went to a stadium, we had 31 thousand people, which is by far the largest, they say, like, ever, for an early primary, and that's probably true.
