Source: http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/video/presidential-candidate-donald-trump-delivers-victory-speech-florida-37678361
Label:Trump
Thank you very much this was an amazing evening this is a great evening. They just announced North Carolina. I don't know if they've announced I don't know yet but we're leading by a lot so I think that Google announced it. Florida was so amazing. And how I want to thank god friends. Northern marianas islands have been so incredible and we picked up 9 delegates this morning. I heard very early in the morning I delicate such a lot. And I just wanted to thank the governor Ralph Doris great guy chairman nada who is a fantastic man. That was a very nice start to the day that I can tell you. Many things have been happening over the last short period of time. CNN was very nice they came up with a poll the poll said 49%. To fourteen and fifteen. We just had one from the economists just came out. 53%. And it sort of interesting because I was watching the news a little while ago. And one of the commentators who I'm not particularly fond of but these are minor details. Said but Donald Trump doesn't get over 50%. Because I'm at 4345. Actually now according to the economy. Separate 53 and I have to explain to these people they don't understand basic. Physics basic mathematics. Basic what ever you wanna call it. When I don't get over fifty we have four people. Right we have four people do you understand that. So when I get 53 in this one it's an example at 53. And that's with four people that's an amazing achievement just mathematically when you can get over 50%. Some day they can understand. Someday when we. We take it all they'll understand but it is really ridiculous I want to thank my family. My boy the American Don they've been to Arkansas are. We've talked guy Jared have been an amazing Epoch is home right now. In about two minutes or college is about ready to have a baby so I don't know. Sort of think we've been thinking about that now for a little while. But he bock has been so helpful in Jarrett has been amazing and it's been just great. I want to thank Barron for putting up with the fact that I'd never see him anymore. And I want to thank Barron I'd ever see my baron and it's his birthday on Sundays so we're very happy about that. So it's a little tough you know Hagar away. Because what he's going to be come on daddy what are you coming home I said what about two and a half weeks it's pretty tough. You're traveling all over the place it's really amazing guest and I went up to Ohio I went up to Youngstown. It we had an incredible crowd and. Just amazing people in this country we have so so many. Great people we will someday in the not too distant future if I wouldn't otherwise a socket happened I have to be honest but. But apple and all of these great companies will be making their product in the United States not in China. Had Britain not going to be. Losing our company's you know our companies are leaving our country rapidly rapidly whether it's carrier conditioning. Whether it's board whether it's eaten. I was in Cleveland and Eaton core they leaving and so many companies are leaving. And frankly I'm disgusted with it and I'm tired of seeing it and is no reason for it it's just gross incompetence at the highest level. We should not allow it to happen Pfizer great company pharmaceutical company they're going to Ireland. In this so many more yup corporate and versions you have people can't get their money back into the country because the politicians. Can't get a long they can't make a deal. Everybody agrees Democrat and Republican. Everybody agrees the money should come back is toward a half trillion dollars outside of this country. Everybody agrees that the money should be here. And the politicians for three years haven't been as effective. And we could make a deal there's an example of some things that you could do if I sat down with a few of the senate is if you have a congressman you could make a deal on that in ten minutes if you knew what you're doing. Because everybody wants to do it. And companies are actually leaving our country to get their money not only because our taxes are too light which we're gonna lower by the way. But companies are leaving our country in order to going to get money that's their money because there's no way of bring in it in. So we've got we've got a long way to go. But I think at some point it's gonna get done this has been very exciting this whole process. We started I was one of seventeen people senators. Governors I've had such great support. Doctor Brad Carson. The other day endorsed some. Great guy. Great guy wonderful man and Chris Christie endorse us that was so incredible. And today Ambon the came up and endorsed us she was grave and she is truly wonderful they truly wonderful woman and the job she's done in Florida's incredible. You know so many think we've had such incredible. Support. Paul Ryan called me the other day tremendous call I spoke with Mitch McConnell today we had a great conversation. The fact is we have to bring. Our party together we have to bring it to cut. We have. We have something happening that actually makes the Republican Party probably the biggest political story. Anywhere in the world everybody's writing about it all over Europe all over the world are talking about it. Millions of people are coming in to vote. This was an example Leavitt today many many more people Bob looking at the polling goes some looking at different polling goes all around the country where it's up. And the lions 456 blocks long and the woman and one woman was in there for forty years she's been working the polls that she said. Would have to people here. Would have three people now look at the line in the line looked like it was you know long it was really long five deep and long. And it's just a different thing we have a great opportunity at the people that are voting. Aren't Democrats are coming in. Independents are coming in and very very importantly people that never voted before it's an incredible site. I wanna pay my respects by the way to Todd Palin Sarah's husband says Sarah was here she was incredible issues make in his speech. On my behalf. And fantastic everybody loves her and what happened is he was in very bad accident he's tough as nails he's going to be fine. But I just want to pay my respects by the way to Todd. So. Our theme when we started. And Maloney and I came down yes it down everybody please. I mean and this is Marla do we give you seats it ought to stand. I'll look at it all they speak. Cory good job good. I hope from our home. Our whole squad. So when this began Maloney and I and I said. Gotta do it and she was so supportive and she's been so supportive it's been amazing. And we have to do what we came down the escalator and was about trade and it was about borders. And what happened is pretty quickly after that and we weren't we shot right up I shot right to the top of the polls. At a been leading in the polls almost from the beginning without fail. We went up the June most people sat on the Iran. He's just gonna have five and he's having a good time this isn't necessarily I've met at the time. I would have you don't have been a very nice time but you know what I'm working very hard. And there is great anger believe me there is great Hank. One of the broadcasters was saying is there anger and its intimacy I supposed to signal does not we love the way things are working. We love the did you made with Iran it's wonderful you give my 150 billion dollars we get nothing. We love all the deals a trade deals are wonderful and you lose 500 billion dollars a year with China we lose 58. Billion dollars a year terms of in terms of imbalance it's a total imbalance we don't make good deals anymore we don't win anymore as a country we don't win anymore and they asked is there anchor. From your people this seemed to be and is that there is anger they're not angry people. But they want to see the country properly run they wanna see borders they want to see good health care they wanna see things properly taken care up. They want our military rebuild our military is a very bad state they want it rebuilt. Very very importantly and they want the Second Amendment by the way protected and protected strongly. And that's going to happen. And you know what they want so badly they want our veterans taking care of our veterans are treated so. Bad. So. We started and something happened called Paris. Paris happened and Paris was a disaster that was dip in many disasters but. It was Paris and then we had a case in Los Angeles where it was in California where. Fourteen young people were killed and it just goes on and on and on. And what happened with me is this whole run took on a whole new meaning not just borders not just good trade deals that would make the best rate deals. You've ever seen we've got such endorsements from Carl Icahn and the smartest people in business. And these people are going to be negotiating deals and that the best in the world we have the best business people in the world they get a note would it have such great deals. With him to do so good with trade we're gonna do so good on the border but it took on a whole new meaning. And the meaning was very simple we need. Protection and our country and that's going to happen and all of a sudden the poll numbers shot up. And I'm just very proud to be a part of this I think we're going to go and we did a lot of trips over the next month but I think we're gonna have a great victory. And I think more importantly than anything else we are going to start winning again this country is going to start winning again. We don't. We don't win without military we can't be devices we're gonna knock the hell out of them. We don't win. We don't win a tray. China. Everybody Japan. Mexico. Vietnam India and named the country anybody we deal. Anybody we do business with beats us. We don't win it tonight we're gonna win a trade we're gonna make our country rich again we're gonna make our country great again. And we need the rich in order to make a great I'm sorry to attack. So. So I'm going forward we had a fantastic evening I would have never thought this could have happened I guess we're waiting for one result which possibly will be very successful also. But to win that this states that we wanted to win by the margins and a special look this is my second home Florida to win by that kind of an arm where his music. And I have to say it I have to say that. Number what I want to congratulate. Marco Rubio on having run a really tough campaign he's tough and Smart. He's got a great future he's got a great news. But I have to say and nobody has ever ever in the history of politics received the kind of negative advertising. That I have. Record record record at it mostly false I would sell under present but about 90%. Mostly false. Vicious. Horrible. They say it was eighteen million the first week. Meaning last week and 25 million it added up to over forty million. Dollars. And you explain it to me because I can't my numbers when op I don't understand. My number's going to. I'm it has been an interesting experience last week Adam Scott won at trump national to route one the big tournament the world championship of golf and Adam who's a great guy appears somebody you folks on that but. I'm watching the we have television screens all over a week down it is gorgeous green Doral and everything's working beautifully and that a commercial comes on the worst commercial and I'm with these wonderful people from Cadillac and all these top executives. And I'm saying. Looked over there look don't watch it go don't you don't want to watch it I'm saying don't aren't isn't it grants beautiful look but don't watch. And they came in waves one after another after another. And it was brutal and then Adam come. The senate is as handsome kid from Australia one of the greatest golfers at the world made an unbelievable shot on the eighteenth hole to win the tournament he's a great champion. And weakening of the U want. Had just before we break for a cup. Merger all will be right back with our great champion for more spread yet I haven't gotten used to commercialize involved. Adult lives two of them who love them. What a day that wins what a disaster. Lot of. Okay. So again I just want to congratulate everybody this is a really interesting process it's an amazing process is very tough. But it is a by the end if you get to the end you can handle a lot of things including pressure that I can tell you because there's nothing like it lies deceit. Viciousness. Disgusting reporters horrible. Summons. Summer some some really disgusting people back that I. Had I just wanna say whether to go forward. And we're gonna win but more importantly we're gonna win for the country within a win win win and we're not stopping we're gonna have great victories for our country thank you very much everybody. Okay.
